Added switch to force DateTimeKind.Unspecified (#288)
G-Research/ParquetSharp: docs/Reading.md

The .NET type used to represent read values can optionally be overridden by using the `ColumnReader.LogicalReaderOverride<TElement>` method.
For more details, see the [type factories documentation](TypeFactories.md).

> ## DateTimeKind when reading Timestamp's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## DateTimeKind when reading Timestamps
```

> When reading Timestamp's to an DateTime, ParquetSharp will set the DateTimeKind based on the value of `IsAdjustedToUtc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When reading Timestamp to a DateTime, ParquetSharp sets the DateTimeKind based on the value of `IsAdjustedToUtc`.
```

If `IsAdjustedToUtc` is `true` the DateTimeKind will be set to `DateTimeKind.Utc` otherwise it will be set to `DateTimeKind.Unspecified`.

> This behavior can be overwritten by setting the AppContext switch `ParquetSharp.UseDateTimeKindUnspecified` to `true`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior can be overwritten by setting the AppContext switch `ParquetSharp.UseDateTimeKindUnspecified` to `true`, so the DateTimeKind will be always set to `DateTimeKind.Unspecified` regardless of the value of `IsAdjustedToUtc`.
```

> This also matches the old behavior of [ParquetSharp > 6.0.0](https://github.com/G-Research/ParquetSharp/pull/261)

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be less than version 7.0.0?
```suggestion
This also matches the old behavior of [ParquetSharp < 7.0.0](https://github.com/G-Research/ParquetSharp/pull/261)
```

Author: Your right! I messed up the sign and [version](https://github.com/G-Research/ParquetSharp/releases/tag/7.0.0).
